Update Install steps for Daemonset (#13175)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/_index.md

     **Note**: Those manifests are set for the `default` namespace by default. If you are in a custom namespace, update the `metadata.namespace` parameter before applying them.

3. In the `secret-api-key.yaml` manifest, replace `PUT_YOUR_BASE64_ENCODED_API_KEY_HERE` with [your Datadog API key][2] encoded in base64. To get the base64 version of your API key, you can run:

    ```shell
    echo -n '<Your API key>' | base64
    ```

> 4. In the `secret-cluster-agent-token.yaml` manifest, replace `PUT_A_BASE64_ENCODED_RANDOM_STRING_HERE` with a random string encoded in base64. To get the base64 version ofit, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `secret-cluster-agent-token.yaml` manifest, replace `PUT_A_BASE64_ENCODED_RANDOM_STRING_HERE` with a random string encoded in base64. To get the base64 version of it, you can run:
```
